docs(all): TFHE-rs v0.3.0 doc update (#409)
zama-ai/tfhe-rs: tfhe/docs/getting_started/quick_start.md

}
```

The default configuration for x86 Unix machines:
```toml
tfhe = { version = "0.3.0", features = ["integer", "x86_64-unix"]}
```

Configuration options for different platforms can be found [here](../getting_started/installation.md). Other rust and homomorphic types features can be found [here](../how_to/rust_configuration.md).

### Imports.

`tfhe` uses `traits` to have a consistent API for creating FHE types and enable users to write generic functions. To be able to use associated functions and methods of a trait, the trait has to be in scope.

To make it easier, the `prelude` 'pattern' is used. All of the important `tfhe` traits are in a `prelude` module that you can **glob import**. With this, there is no need to remember or know the traits that you want to import.

```rust
use tfhe::prelude::*;
```

### 1. Configuring and creating keys.

> The first step is the creation of the configuration. The configuration is used to declare which type you will (or will not)use, as well as enabling you to use custom crypto-parameters for these types. Custom parameters should only be used for more advanced usage and/or testing.

Reviewer: missing space after parens

A configuration can be created by using the ConfigBuilder type.

In this example, 8-bit unsigned integers with default parameters are used. The `integers` 
feature must also be enabled, as per the table on [this page](../how_to/rust_configuration.md#choosing-your-features).

> The config is generated by first creating a builder with all types deactivated. Then, the integer type with default parameters is activated, since we are going to use FheUint8 values.

Reviewer: the default integer types with default parameters are activated

}
```

Default configuration for x86 Unix machines:
```toml
tfhe = { version = "0.3.0", features = ["integer", "x86_64-unix"]}
```

> Other configurations can be found [here](../getting_started/installation.md).

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to link to ../how_to/rust_configuration.md here

Reviewer: both being split feels odd as some features to compile the project are split between both files

### Imports.

`tfhe` uses `traits` to have a consistent API for creating FHE types and enable users to write generic functions. To be able to use associated functions and methods of a trait, the trait has to be in scope.

To make it easier, the `prelude` 'pattern' is used. All `tfhe` important traits are in a `prelude` module that you **glob import**. With this, there is no need to remember or know the traits to import.

```rust
use tfhe::prelude::*;
```

### 1. Configuring and creating keys.

The first step is the creation of the configuration. The configuration is used to declare which type you will use or not use, as well as enabling you to use custom crypto-parameters for these types for more advanced usage / testing.

Creating a configuration is done using the ConfigBuilder type.

In this example, 8-bit unsigned integers with default parameters are used. The `integers` 

> feature must also be enabled, as per the table on the [Getting Started page](../getting_started/installation.md).

Reviewer: the feature table does not exist anymore I believe, looks to have been moved to rust_configuration.md

> The config is done by first creating a builder with all types deactivated. Then, the `uint8` type with default parameters is activated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The config is done by first creating a builder with all types deactivated. Then, the integers type with default parameters are activated, since we are going to use FheUint8 values.
```

```rust
use tfhe::{ConfigBuilder, generate_keys};

fn main() {
    let config = ConfigBuilder::all_disabled()
        .enable_default_integers()
        .build();

    let (client_key, server_key) = generate_keys(config);
}
```

The `generate_keys` command returns a client key and a server key.

The `client_key` is meant to stay private and not leave the client whereas the `server_key` can be made public and sent to a server for it to enable FHE computations.

### 2. Setting the server key.

The next step is to call `set_server_key`

This function will **move** the server key to an internal state of the crate and manage the details to give a simpler interface.

```rust
use tfhe::{ConfigBuilder, generate_keys, set_server_key};

fn main() {
    let config = ConfigBuilder::all_disabled()
        .enable_default_integers()
        .build();

    let (client_key, server_key) = generate_keys(config);

    set_server_key(server_key);
}
```

### 3. Encrypting data.

> Encrypting data is done via the `encrypt` associated function of the \[FheEncrypt] trait.

Reviewer: missing a link for the FheEncrypt trait ? same thing everywhere

Types exposed by this crate implement at least one of \[FheEncrypt] or \[FheTryEncrypt] to allow enryption.

```Rust
let clear_a = 27u8;
let clear_b = 128u8;

let a = FheUint8::encrypt(clear_a, &client_key);
let b = FheUint8::encrypt(clear_b, &client_key);
```

> ### 4. Computation and decryption.

Reviewer: numbers don't match the announced outline at the beginning of the file ? i.e. missing 5 and 6 I believe
